
# Boilerplate for remote skill

## Table of Contents

* [Authentication](#authentication)
* [JSON Interface Reference](#json-interface-reference)
* [API Reference](#api-reference)
* [Intents](#intents)
* [NLU](#nlu)
* [Languages](#Languages)
* [Logging](#logging)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Code Style](#code-style)
* [Tools](#tools)

## Authentication

Skill can authenticate incoming converse requests.

BY default - the skill will respond to any incoming converse request. By default it will not authenticate incoming converse requests to make sure that they are coming from a core that this skill is registered to.
in order to enable such authentication, change the parameter AUTHENTICATE_REQUESTS to true in the '.env' configuration file

After enabling the authentication, all incoming calls to the skill will be authenticated using a key.
The key is generated by the core when the skill is registered to the core, the key should be stored in
the keys.txt file found in res/assets/keys.txt.

A key is also used in order to access the skill swagger page, in order to get access just add one of the keys
in your key.txt file to the header (you can also create a new key).


## JSON Interface Reference

### [Manifest](res/assets/manifest.json)

This section defines the skill configuration which is used by the core to access and control the skill.

``` json
{
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "private": false,
    "author": "string",
    "version": "string",
    "license": "string",
    "callword": "string",
    "lifetime": "string",
    "threshold": 0,
    "languages": [
      "string", "string"
    ],
    "tags": [
      "string"
    ],
    "nlu": [
      "string"
    ],
    "services": [
      {
        "name": "string",
        "description": "string",
        "url": "string",
        "attributes": [
          {
            "name": "string",
            "type": "string",
            "required": false
          },
          {
            "name": "string",
            "type": "string",
            "required": true
          }
        ]
      }
    ]
}
```

#### Parameters Description

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
name | The skill name | string | Yes
description | Description of the skill | string | No
private | false for common skill | boolean | no
author | Author name | string | No
version | Skill version | string | Yes
license | | string | No
languages | Supported languages by the skill | string array | no
tags | | string array | No
nlu | Supported NLU engines | string array | No
services | | | No

#### Skill Version

If an skill is going to be published, it should start at 1.0.0, though it is not mandatory.

After this, changes should be handled as follows:

- (PATCH) Bug fixes and other minor changes: Patch release, increment the last number, e.g. 1.0.1
- (MINOR) New features which don't break existing features: Minor release, increment the middle number, e.g. 1.1.0
- (MAJOR) Changes which break backwards compatibility: Major release, increment the first number, e.g. 2.0.0

See [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) for more information.

### Request

This defines the request interface that is sent to the skill action handler function

``` json
{
  "id": "string",
  "version": "string",
  "language": "string",
  "text": "string",
  "retext": "string",
  "attributes": {
  },
  "context": {
    "user" : {
      "id": "string"
    },
    "session" : {
      "id": "string",
      "new": true,
      "attributes" : {
      }
    },
    "application" : {
      "id": "string",
      "attributes": {
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Parameters Description

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
id | request id | string | yes
version | Request version | string | yes
language | User text query language | string | no
text| User query as text | string | yes
retext | User query after text reformatting | string | yes
attributes | The extracted intent and entities from user request | object | yes
context: Request context data | object | yes

##### Request Context Types

Context Type | Description
--- | ---
user |
application | Application specific context
session |

###### User Context Object

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
id | User unique id | string | yes

###### Application Context Object

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
id | Application unique id | string | yes
attributes | | object | yes

###### Session Context Object

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
new | | boolean | yes
attributes | | object | yes


### Response

This defines the format of the response that that the skill should return to the interact core.

``` json
{
  "version": "string",
  "reject": "boolean",
  "error": "number",
  "shouldEndSession": "boolean",
  "speech": {
    "text": "string",
    "display": "string",
    "expressiveness": "string"
  },
  "card": {
    "type": "string",
    "title": "string",
    "subtitle": "string",
    "content": {
    }
  },
  "context": {
    "user": {
    },
    "session": {
    },
    "application": {
    }
  },
  "metrics": {
    "skill": "string"
  }
}
```

#### Parameters Description

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
version | Response version | string | yes
reject | | boolean | yes
shouldEndSession | | boolean | yes
context | | object | yes

#### Speech Object

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
text | | string | yes
expressiveness | | string | yes

#### Card Object

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
type | | string | yes
title | | string | yes
subtitle | | string | yes
content | | object | no

#### Response Context Types

Context | Description
--- | ---
user |
session |

## API Reference

Method | API | Description
--- | --- | ---
GET | /v1/api/manifest | Returns the skill manifest as a JSON object.
GET | /v1/api/nlu | Returns NLU metadata which is used by the interact core NLU engines.
GET | /v1/api/intents | Returns skill intents descriptors.
GET | /v1/api/healthCheck | Check the status (health) of the skill.
POST | /v1/api/converse | Get a response from user input or event.

## NLU

The Natural Language Understanding includes data required by the Interact core to extract intents and entities.

### Intents Descriptors

The intents file is optional metadata file which includes skill intent descriptors. The information in this file is applied by the core to extracted intent (after NLU extraction phase).
The skill developer can use the intents descriptors to increase the accuracy of the skill and to control intent behavior.

``` json
{
  "<intent name>" :
  {
    "visibility" : "string",
    "entities" : [
      {
        "name" : "string",
        "required" : "boolean"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
--- | --- | --- | ---
visibility | Can be use to hide or show intent to core | string | No

### Watson Conversation Service (WCS)

``` json
{
  "workspace": {
    "en-US": {
      "name:": "string",
      "workspaceId": "string"
    },
    "de-DE": {
      "name": "string",
      "workspaceId": "string"
    }
  }
}
```

### Regular expressions

### API.AI

## Languages

TBD

## Logging

TBD

## Running

### Locally

To run skill locally you can use the following command

```
npm start
```

**Note!** Make sure the port is not used by any other skill / server as the skill will not start.

### Docker

#### Prerequisites

* [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

#### Locally

- Build the image
```
docker build -t skill-boileplate:local .
```

- Create and run a container
```
docker run --name fun -p 3000:3000 -e PORT=3000 -it skill-boileplate:local
```

#### Bluemix

For more information how to build and run containers in Bluemix you can refer to [Adding Docker images to your organization's private Bluemix images registry](https://console.ng.bluemix.net/docs/containers/container_images_adding_ov.html#container_images_adding_ov)

- Build your image and push it to your private Bluemix registry.
```
bx ic build -t registry.ng.bluemix.net/<namespace>/skill-boileplate:v1.0.0 .
```
**Tip:** Run `bx ic namespace get` to retrieve your namespace information.

- Create a container from your image.
```
bx ic create --name skill-boileplate -p 3001:3001 -e PORT=3001 registry.ng.bluemix.net/<namespace>/skill-boileplate:v1.0.0
```
**Note:** Select port that will not conflict with other skill

- If can be published as public skill, bind a public IP address to your container.
```
bx ic bind <ip address> <container ID>
```
**Tip:** You can see your public IP addresses by running `bx ic ips`. To request a new one, run `bx ic ip request`.

## How To Manually Test Skill

The skill (locally or hosted) can be tested directly with the skill converse REST API. Use the following json block in the skill swagger page.

```
{
  "id": "001",
  "text": "hello world",
  "retext": "hello world",
  "version": "1.0",
  "language": "en-US",
  "attributes": {
    "intent": "hello-world"
  },
  "context": {
    "user": {
      "id": "user-001"
    },
    "application": {
      "id": "app-001",
      "attributes": {
      }
    },
    "session": {
      "new": true,
      "attributes": {
      },
      "version": "1.0"
    }
  }
}
```

## Tests

Running all the tests:
```
$ npm test
```

